This is a luxury store owned by the Night Market Group
That's Mengmeng's
You country man
I'm afraid I can't even afford a small bead here.
aunt
Eight can't afford it, I'll buy it for you or Mengmeng Director
This looks good.
This looks good too.
What about this one?
Don't try to get any bargains for you.
Hey
That's pretty good.
Crystal clear
It should be prettier to wear
That's it, ma'am. You have a good eye.
This is the top Hetian jade in Shuitou.
The craftsmanship is also the best at the moment
in good condition
It's estimated to be in the millions.
Fortunately, I brought out the black card.
Auntie likes it
Please wrap it up for me
Okay, I want to climb this big tree in your house.
Sleeping far enough is not enough
Gotta hold on to this old woman's heart
Wait auntie
Your graceful upper class temperament
How can you wear something chosen by a lower-class person?
If you don't say I forgot
You are the daughter
You know the quality of this bracelet best.
The quality of this bracelet is definitely top grade.
You, an inferior person, know what a top grade is?
Are you complaining about me with some cheap goods?
Longyan bought fake smoke last time.
How could it be this time?
Didn't take off the best bracelet in your store
Excuse me.
This is the most expensive in our store.
The best seeds